# All of Life Rally - Hebrews 11/12
## Alpha Project Session #25: Ella Lentz

1 Therefore, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us also lay aside every weight, and sin which clings so closely, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, 2 looking to Jesus, the founder and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is seated at the right hand of the throne of God. **Hebrews 12:1-2**

How to make the most out of what you learned at Alpha Project:
1. **Look <u>BACK</u>**
    
    It's impossible to know how far you have come if you don't know where you started.

    for we walk by faith, not by sight.
    2 Corinthians 5:7

    Hall of Faith:
    Abel, Enoch, Noah, Abraham

    Sit down and reflect so you can look back on the love and mercy that 

2. **Look <u>UP</u>**

    We are called to run with **ENDURANCE**!
    heb 1b-2
    
    Base Pace: easy to sustain for a long time<br>
    Push Pace: challenging BUT do-able<br>
    All-Out Pace: 30-40 seconds MAX

    The Christian Life:
    - will be a long run! 
    - will require BOTH stamina and endurance!
  
    this is a Push Pace

    Jesus said to them, “I am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst. **John 6:35**

    Since then we have a great high priest who has passed through the heavens, Jesus, the Son of God, let us hold fast our confession. **Hebrews 4:14**

    We can draw near because He has been brought low. - Pastor Paul Kim (Redeemer Presbyterian Church)

    Romans 10:9

3. **Look <u>FORWARD</u>**

    And all these, though commended through their faith, did not receive what was promised, 40 since God had provided something better for us, that apart from us they should not be made perfect. **Hebrews 11:39-40**

    book quote here    John Mark Comer 

    1. Walk confidently.
        You yourself are a mosaic!
    2. Walk humbly.
        "This is gospel-humility, blessed
        
        He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the Lord require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God? **Micah 6:8**
    3. Fight the good fight.
   
        7 I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith. 8 Henceforth there is laid up for me the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, will award to me on that day, and not only to me but also to all who have loved his appearing. **2 Timothy 4:7-8**

        Proverbs 3:5-6